0p=
What is your name?
0=e
1p=
Are you male, or female?
1=e
2==
Titan. Man's next frontier.
My father was one of the Founding Fifty.
When the Coorthean Settlement was established,
he became the governor of Tyranna.
He met my mother five years later.
They married soon after.
I am the first human born on Titan.
Soon, many others followed.

Tyranna. The central sector.
Trade hub of the Coorthean Settlement.
One of the four Core sectors, Tyranna is where
the Settlement's spaceport is. This is the most
essential sector, which is why the
Coorthean Peace Force has its base here.

Cynthasis. The northern sector.
Cynthasis holds the majority of the apartments
of the Settlement. Cynthasis is the 'safe house'
of the Settlement, so if something happens,
Cynthasis is the place to be.

Jieberthan. The southern sector. Not much
to say about Jieberthan other than it is
essentially a massive warehouse. Rumor
has it that a black market operates out
of Jieberthan, but the Peace Force hasn't
had much luck locating it.

And finally, Casitan.
The industrial district. The most important of the four.
Named after Founding Fifty member Casey Min, captain
of the Necessity, who was killed during a meteor
impact. The industrial district maintains the
atmosphere and generates the Settlement'
power. As a result, it is heavily guarded.

My name is Gabrielle Corriveau. I am sixteen. I go to
Coorthean High. Not the first off-Earth
high school, but considering what happened
to Ares High, it might as well be. My class
of 30 students will be the first to receive
a diploma from another planet, so expectations
are high.

My status as the first Titan-born human makes me
someone people want to be around. I really
couldn't care less, except when it does
become annoying. I only really count two
true friends.

Jacob Weller, sixteen. My closest friend. He
came to the Settlement a few years after I was born.
We hit it off pretty quickly and have been friends since.
We share many interests; music, sports, so on.
I would trust him with my life.

Alice Ito, fifteen. She is also a Titan. Such an
adorable, quiet tech nerd. Although surprisingly the
life of the party. We've been friends since a few years ago.
We are actually polar opposites, but we are
very close.

My friends and I, we have a creed.
The Tyrannith Creed.
We made this creed in the first month of high school,
and have abided by it since. It is certainly a bit
juvenile, but it has helped us in many situations
thus far. We have kept this creed secret; it will go 
to the grave with us.
2=e